README.md, before:

# Free Code Camp - Drum Machine solution

This is a solution to the [Build a Drum Machine challenge on Free Code Camp](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/front-end-development-libraries/front-end-development-libraries-projects/build-a-drum-machine).

## Table of contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [The challenge](#the-challenge)
  - [Screenshot](#screenshot)
  - [Links](#links)
- [My process](#my-process)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
  - [What I learned](#what-i-learned)
  - [Continued development](#continued-development)
  - [Useful resources](#useful-resources)
- [Author](#author)
- [Acknowledgments](#acknowledgments)

**Note: Delete this note and update the table of contents based on what sections you keep.**

## Overview

### The challenge

Users should be able to:

- View the optimal layout for the app depending on their device's screen size

### Screenshot

![](./screenshot.jpg)

Add a screenshot of your solution. The easiest way to do this is to use Firefox to view your project, right-click the page and select "Take a Screenshot". You can choose either a full-height screenshot or a cropped one based on how long the page is. If it's very long, it might be best to crop it.

Alternatively, you can use a tool like [FireShot](https://getfireshot.com/) to take the screenshot. FireShot has a free option, so you don't need to purchase it.

Then crop/optimize/edit your image however you like, add it to your project, and update the file path in the image above.

**Note: Delete this note and the paragraphs above when you add your screenshot. If you prefer not to add a screenshot, feel free to remove this entire section.**

### Links

- Solution URL: [Add solution URL here](https://your-solution-url.com)
- Live Site URL: [Add live site URL here](https://your-live-site-url.com)

## My process

### Built with

- Bootstrap
- [React](https://reactjs.org/) - JS library

**Note: These are just examples. Delete this note and replace the list above with your own choices**

### What I learned

Passing state in react to sibling components. React passes data from parent to child. Components should be stand alone and reusable. To use react in this way, I used the following code and pass pieces of state in a way that all the components are reusable.

```html
<h1>Some HTML code I'm proud of</h1>
```

```css
.proud-of-this-css {
  color: papayawhip;
}
```

```jsx
const proudOfThisFunc = () => {
  console.log("🎉");
};
```

If you want more help with writing markdown, we'd recommend checking out [The Markdown Guide](https://www.markdownguide.org/) to learn more.

**Note: Delete this note and the content within this section and replace with your own learnings.**

### Continued development

- Action item 1

### Useful resources

- [Example resource 1](https://www.example.com) - This helped me for XYZ reason. I really liked this pattern and will use it going forward.
- [Example resource 2](https://www.example.com) - This is an amazing article which helped me finally understand XYZ. I'd recommend it to anyone still learning this concept.

**Note: Delete this note and replace the list above with resources that helped you during the challenge. These could come in handy for anyone viewing your solution or for yourself when you look back on this project in the future.**

## Author

- Website - [Lauren Collins](https://www.LaurenCollins.dev)
- Free Code Camp - [@yourusername](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/yourusername)
- Twitter - [@yourusername](https://www.twitter.com/yourusername)
- LinkedIn - []()

**Note: Delete this note and add/remove/edit lines above based on what links you'd like to share.**

## Acknowledgments

This is where you can give a hat tip to anyone who helped you out on this project. Perhaps you worked in a team or got some inspiration from someone else's solution. This is the perfect place to give them some credit.

**Note: Delete this note and edit this section's content as necessary. If you completed this challenge by yourself, feel free to delete this section entirely.**

Commit message:

add books I'm reading to acknowledgements

README.md, after:

# Free Code Camp - Drum Machine solution

This is a solution to the [Build a Drum Machine challenge on Free Code Camp](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/front-end-development-libraries/front-end-development-libraries-projects/build-a-drum-machine).

## Table of contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [The challenge](#the-challenge)
  - [Screenshot](#screenshot)
  - [Links](#links)
- [My process](#my-process)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
  - [What I learned](#what-i-learned)
  - [Continued development](#continued-development)
  - [Useful resources](#useful-resources)
- [Author](#author)
- [Acknowledgments](#acknowledgments)

**Note: Delete this note and update the table of contents based on what sections you keep.**

## Overview

### The challenge

Users should be able to:

- View the optimal layout for the app depending on their device's screen size

### Screenshot

![](./screenshot.jpg)

Add a screenshot of your solution. The easiest way to do this is to use Firefox to view your project, right-click the page and select "Take a Screenshot". You can choose either a full-height screenshot or a cropped one based on how long the page is. If it's very long, it might be best to crop it.

Alternatively, you can use a tool like [FireShot](https://getfireshot.com/) to take the screenshot. FireShot has a free option, so you don't need to purchase it.

Then crop/optimize/edit your image however you like, add it to your project, and update the file path in the image above.

**Note: Delete this note and the paragraphs above when you add your screenshot. If you prefer not to add a screenshot, feel free to remove this entire section.**

### Links

- Solution URL: [Add solution URL here](https://your-solution-url.com)
- Live Site URL: [Add live site URL here](https://your-live-site-url.com)

## My process

### Built with

- Bootstrap
- [React](https://reactjs.org/) - JS library

**Note: These are just examples. Delete this note and replace the list above with your own choices**

### What I learned

Passing state in react to sibling components. React passes data from parent to child. Components should be stand alone and reusable. To use react in this way, I used the following code and pass pieces of state in a way that all the components are reusable.

```html
<h1>Some HTML code I'm proud of</h1>
```

```css
.proud-of-this-css {
  color: papayawhip;
}
```

```jsx
const proudOfThisFunc = () => {
  console.log("🎉");
};
```

If you want more help with writing markdown, we'd recommend checking out [The Markdown Guide](https://www.markdownguide.org/) to learn more.

**Note: Delete this note and the content within this section and replace with your own learnings.**

### Continued development

- Action item 1

### Useful resources

- [Example resource 1](https://www.example.com) - This helped me for XYZ reason. I really liked this pattern and will use it going forward.
- [Example resource 2](https://www.example.com) - This is an amazing article which helped me finally understand XYZ. I'd recommend it to anyone still learning this concept.

**Note: Delete this note and replace the list above with resources that helped you during the challenge. These could come in handy for anyone viewing your solution or for yourself when you look back on this project in the future.**

## Author

- Website - [Lauren Collins](https://www.LaurenCollins.dev)
- Free Code Camp - [@yourusername](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/yourusername)
- Twitter - [@yourusername](https://www.twitter.com/yourusername)
- LinkedIn - []()

**Note: Delete this note and add/remove/edit lines above based on what links you'd like to share.**

## Acknowledgments

To prepare for building this project, I took notes on React 18 Bootstrap 5, Javascript, HTML, CSS and Git. I am continiously learning to keep my skills up to date with new trends in technology while I build new projects. I appreciate the learning platforms and instructors found at the links below:

- [Frontend Masters' React 18 Course by Brian Holt](https://frontendmasters.com/courses/complete-react-v8/)
- [Plural Sight's React 18 course by Roland Guijt](https://www.pluralsight.com/courses/react-18-fundamentals)
- Udemy's Bootstrap 5 course by
- [Frontend Masters' Complete Intro to Web Development, v3](https://frontendmasters.com/courses/web-development-v3/) - Practice in HTML, CSS, Javascript and more
- [Git In-depth](https://frontendmasters.com/courses/git-in-depth/)

Books and Readings:

- [Building in Public by Nadia Eghbal](https://www.audible.com/pd/Working-in-Public-Audiobook/B08KWQ1G7X?action_code=ASSGB149080119000H&share_location=pdp) (Chapter 2 - 4) - This book helped me better understand the history, and present use cases of open source technologies. I am reading this book as part of a Virtual Coffee book club
